feat(Worklets): `scheduleOnRuntime` (#8131)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: packages/docs-worklets/docs/threading/scheduleOnRuntime.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 12
---

# scheduleOnRuntime

> `scheduleOnRuntime` lets you schedule a [worklet](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#worklet) to be executed on a separate [Worklet Runtime](/docs/fundamentals/runtimeKinds#worklet-runtime).

Reviewer: To make consistent with TSDoc.

```suggestion
`scheduleOnRuntime` lets you schedule a [worklet](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#worklet) to be executed on a [Workler Runtime](link).
```
